refactor(curriculum): replacing for loop with for...of loop for calorie counter project (#53454)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-form-validation-by-building-a-calorie-counter/63c9ebb7b12bca3025b0a935.md

# --description--

> It is time for another loop. Use a `for...of` loop to iterate through the `inputContainers` array. For the loop's variable name call it `container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is time for another loop. Create a `for...of` loop named `container` to iterate through the `inputContainers` array.
```

Author: I think it would be clearer to say `with the variable container` instead of `for...of` loop named container. Because we want campers to know that the `for...of` loop has the variable called container

Reviewer: i agree with you @jdwilkin4 🫡

> assert.match(clearForm, /for\s*\(/);

Reviewer: i think we should remove it because when the user only writes `for(){}` our editor won't pick it up due to syntax error and they won't even get hints. 
```suggestion

```
